[EDU-3827] fix: remove sensitive data (#623)
aziontech/docs: src/content/docs/en/pages/guides/marketplace/integrations/fingerprint/fingerprint.mdx

}
```

> To know how to configure, ask for solution documentation to Azion Support team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To understand how to configure the integration, contact the Azion [support team](/en/documentation/services/support/#service-channels) and request the solution documentation.
```
